feat(INTLY-4050): solution pattern cohesion (#114)
integr8ly/tutorial-web-app-walkthroughs: walkthroughs/3a-low-code-api-development/walkthrough.adoc

. Obtain a URL for the *Slack Webhook URL* field:
.. Navigate to the Slack Apps portal at link:https://api.slack.com/apps[api.slack.com/apps, window="_blank", id="{context}-5"].
.. Click *Create an App*.
.. Enter the following in the *App Name* field:
+
----
Fuse Online Demo
----
.. Choose *low-code-workspace* from the *Development Slack Workspace* dropdown.
.. Click "Create App".
.. On the following screen under the *Add features and functionality* click *Incoming Webhooks*.
.. Change the *Activate Incoming Webhooks* switch to the *On* position.
.. Scroll down and click *Add New Webhook to Workspace*.

> .. In the *Where should Fuse Online Demo post?* field select *low-code-demo* and click *Allow*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select *low-code-demo* in the *Where should Fuse Online Demo post?* field and click *Allow*.
```

> . Choose *API Provider* on the subsequent *Choose a Start Connection* screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose *API Provider* on the *Choose a Start Connection* screen.
```

> . When prompted choose *Create* and click *Next* to navigate to the *Provide API Definition* screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When prompted choose *Create* 
. Click *Next* to navigate to the *Provide API Definition* screen.
```

. Rename your API from "Untitled API" to:
+
----
Greeting API
----

> . Edit the *Description* that's found in the *Design* tab on the right in the *INFO* section:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Edit the *Description* in the *Design* tab on the right in the *INFO* section:
```

> . Edit the *Description* that's found in the *Design* tab on the right in the *INFO* section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the *Description* found in the *Design* tab of the *INFO* section:
```

}
----

> . In the *Choose to create a REST Resource with the Data Type* section verify *No Resource* is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure *No Resource* is selected in the *Choose to create a REST Resource with the Data Type* section.
```

A *Path* represents an API endpoint/operation and the associated parameters required to invoke it.

> . Click *Add a path* under the *Paths* heading on the left of the *Provide API Definition* screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add a path* under the *Paths* heading of the *Provide API Definition* screen.
```

. Click your new */greeting* endpoint under the *Paths* heading.

> . In the *Operations* section on the right, select the *POST* tab and click *Add Operation*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *POST* tab in the *Operations* section, and click *Add Operation*.
```

. Click *Save* in the top right corner of the page to save your work.
The *Review Actions* screen of the *New Integration* wizard is displayed.

. Click *Next*.

. Click *Save* on the *New Integration* wizard screen.

. On the *Save the integration* screen:
.. Enter the following in the *Name* field:
+
----

> Greeting Integration {user-sanitized-username}

Author: Making this change so each user can identify their application in the single 3scale tenant we use.

Reviewer 3: This does not seem to render correctly:

![greeting](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1851198/70335680-0c391180-1848-11ea-81b2-70a19e26c994.png)

. Enter the following in the *string* field under the menu:
+
----
Hello from 
----

. Click *Done* to return to the *Add to Integration* screen. This screen should now list your *Provided API Return Path* with a *Data Type Mismatch* warning.

. Click the *Warning Icon* on the *Provided API Return Path* panel and choose *Add a data mapping step*.

> . From the *Data Mapper* screen click the *Request* field in the *Source* panel to expand it.

Reviewer 3: This seems unnecessary, only the `message` field is selected wich is under the Message dropdown:

![fuse](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1851198/70337563-a9497980-184b-11ea-9c41-d8803b1090b9.png)

Author: @pb82 I *think* I understand what you're saying here. Let me know if the change I pushed makes sense.

Reviewer 3: It's ok now. My point was that you don't have to expand `Requests` at all because it's not used. Only `message` is used.

> . Click the *message* field under the *Message* heading in the *Source* panel, then click the *body* field in the *Target* panel. This maps the *message* value from the created Slack message to the *body* of the outgoing HTTP response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *message* field under the *Message* heading in the *Source* panel.
. Select the *body* field in the *Target* panel. This maps the *message* value from the created Slack message to the *body* of the outgoing HTTP response.
```

. Open the link:{api-management-url}[{3scale-name} Login screen, window="_blank", id="{context}-1"].

. Select the *Authenticate through Red Hat Single Sign-On* option. This triggers an OAuth Flow and redirects you back to the {3scale-name} Dashboard.

. Dismiss the *How does 3Scale work?* option which is displayed the first time you log in to {3scale-name}. The main Dashboard is displayed.

[type=verification]
Can you see the {3scale-name} Dashboard that shows the Audience and APIs panels?

[type=verificationFail]
Verify that you followed each step in the procedure above. If you are still having issues, contact your administrator.

=== Adding the App Endpoint to Red Hat 3scale

. From the *APIs* section of the *Dashboard*, select the *New Product* item.
. Select the *Import from OpenShift* option. If this option is not enabled, click the *Authenticate to enable this option* link and choose *Allow selected permissions*.

> . Verify that the *fuse* option is selected from the *Namespace* list.

Reviewer 3: Before that you need to select `Import from OpenShift` from the dropdown:

![openshift](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1851198/70338241-d8acb600-184c-11ea-9b6b-a22a03cb8729.png)

Author: @pb82 it says `Select the *Import from OpenShift* option` in the section you've highlighted, and it's before the verify fuse bit. Could you explain this one a bit more?

Reviewer 3: I needed to select `Import from OpenShift` twice: first the one with the authentication. After authenticating, i get to this screen where the default value is pointing to `Define manually` and i have to select `Import from OpenShift` again.

Author: Ah nice find. 

I added this to address it -  `. If you had to use the *Authenticate to enable this option* link, verify that you have reselected *Import from OpenShift* after being redirected.`

. Open the link:{api-management-url}[{3scale-name} Login screen, window="_blank", id="{context}-1"].

> . Select the *Authenticate through Red Hat Single Sign-On* option. This triggers an OAuth Flow and redirects you back to the {3scale-name} Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Authenticate through Red Hat Single Sign-On* option. This triggers an OAuth Flow and redirects you to the {3scale-name} Dashboard.
```

. Dismiss the *How does 3Scale work?* option which is displayed the first time you log in to {3scale-name}. The main Dashboard is displayed.

[type=verification]
Can you see the {3scale-name} Dashboard that shows the Audience and APIs panels?

[type=verificationFail]
Verify that you followed each step in the procedure above. If you are still having issues, contact your administrator.

=== Adding the App Endpoint to Red Hat 3scale

. From the *APIs* section of the *Dashboard*, select the *New Product* item.
. Select the *Import from OpenShift* option. If this option is not enabled, click the *Authenticate to enable this option* link and choose *Allow selected permissions*.

> . If you had to use the *Authenticate to enable this option* link, verify that you have reselected *Import from OpenShift* after being redirected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you used the *Authenticate to enable this option* link, verify that you have reselected *Import from OpenShift* after being redirected.
```

. Verify that the *fuse* option is selected from the *Namespace* list.
. Verify that the *i-greeting-api-{user-username}* is selected from the *Name* list.
. Click *Create Product*.
+
The import process can take a few minutes to complete.

. Configuring the API:

.. Open the link:{api-management-url}[{3scale-name} Login screen, window="_blank"].

.. Choose *Product: i-greeting-integration-{user-username}* from the top navigation menu to view the {3scale-name} homepage.
+

> NOTE: If the *i-greeting-integration-{user-username}* is not listed in the top navigation menu that means it is still being imported. Wait a while, refresh the page, and try again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the *i-greeting-integration-{user-username}* is not listed in the top navigation menu, it is still being imported. Wait a while, refresh the page, and try again.
```

----
{route}
----
+
NOTE: We change the URL because the default one generated is too long and will fail to resolve.

.. Scroll down and click *Update Product*

. Create a mapping rule for the `/greeting` endpoint.

.. Choose *Integration > Mapping Rules* from the left menu.

.. Click *Add Mapping Rule*.

.. Select the *POST* option for *Verb*.

.. Enter the `/greeting` for the *Pattern*.

.. Click *Create Mapping Rule*

> .. Choose the *Configuration* item in the *Integration* dropdown menu. Note that there is a warning icon beside this link that suggests promoting the Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Choose the *Configuration* item in the *Integration* dropdown menu. 
+
Note: There is a warning icon next to this link that suggests promoting the configuration.

```
